---
title: "Glad, I didn’t give up"
date: 2016-12-12
tags:
- Old Post
---

This is a blog post written by me when I was in 5th grade for my first website. It was about the time I lost my class presidential campaign.

---

> Winners are not people who never fail, but are the people who never quit.

I rubbed my sweaty palms on my red flannel shirt. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest like King Kong. I had just finished my class representative speech. I felt proud as everyone clapped their hands and cheered for me. I thought I did a good job, so I should get everyone’s vote. I could see my friends smiling at me and based off of their expressions I knew that I got it. I tried to stay calm and not show fear or anxiety. My teacher handed out the pieces of papers to all students and asked everyone to write their vote for the class representative. There was a complete silence in the class as everyone wrote on their ballots. My stomach filled with butterflies and I began to feel nervous “Will I lose again?” I wondered. The teacher suddenly announced that he was going to tell who won the election for the class representative. I smiled at the other candidates hiding my fear and they smiled back.

I closed my eyes as he announced the winner. It was me, I was the class representative! I opened my eyes and found all my classmates staring at me and clapping their hands. I smiled as my cheeks turned red. I tried to determine if I was dreaming. How could a new kid in the school win the election? I looked at my teacher and he congratulated me with his assuring face. I turned around and looked at the other candidates. One of them had tears in his eyes. Instead of feeling pride or joy, I walked over to him and tried to console him. Some kids ran over to me and patted my back.” How do you feel Mr. Representative?” asked my friend. Suddenly, the school bell rang reminding us that it was time to go to home.

I jostled through the crowd of students as all wanting to go home. While crossing through the crowd, I overheard some of my friends talking to their parents about our class election. I felt the joy of winning, but also felt the empathy for the candidates who didn’t make it. It brought back the memory of our school presidential election.

I was the new kid in the school. I entered the school with lots of anxiety but as I settled down I made lots of friends. Still, often I used to miss my old school and wondered about what my old friends were doing. Sometime I used to get nostalgic about the old school and that life. Slowly this school started to seem interesting and fun. Then it was that time of the year that changed my perspective for the school entirely. It was school presidential election time! I had been waiting for this. I wanted to be the school president. Immediately I started working on getting the information for the student council as I wanted to prepare myself very well. I have to win this. I looked at my fellow candidates and I was overconfident that I would win. I started to scavenge for some students in the school who would support me. When I approached them,I shared my ideas about why they should vote for me. It was going all well. I collected more supporters than I even needed!

All the candidates were supposed to write an essay in the school to go through the preliminary selection process. The date was approaching fast! So I started working on my essay. One thing I learned from this process was that I had to revise my writing to make it more compelling. It was a little frustrating and I used to show a tantrum. Then the day had come. All the candidates running for the student council roles lined up in an orderly fashion. I was amazed on how many candidates there were. The teachers inspected our notes. But when I got my notes inspected, they did not accept my outline because it was too detailed. People asked me if I was scared. I shook my head, but I was a little nervous. Luckily, I had remembered the whole speech like reciting what my name and birthday was. I walked to the desk and started writing. I did my final revisions and quickly revolved around. I walked to give the two pages of my work to the teacher.

I woke up very nervous, brushed my teeth slowly while pondering the reasons I would win. I checked my bag if the essentials were there. I put my lunch box and water bottle in the backpack. Today I would find out if I had been selected as the school president. My mom kissed me on the cheek wishing me good luck. I started going to school briskly.

I ran to the gates as I passed through the chaotic crowd. I ran to the eastern gate of the yard. I met with my other fellow candidates, as we all had the same fear. None of us wanted to lose. Then I heard a loud and eerie noise. With the feeling of shock, I quickly processed what had happened. The winners have been posted! I ran so fast, I actually felt like I won. When I got there I searched for the notice. I closed my eyes, and suddenly opened it. What! I felt my heart fall. I backed up. I could not believe it. All that work, all that pressure was for nothing. I felt like I had been hit. I wanted to scream. How could I have lost? I visualized it again and again, and the result was the same.

After school, I walked home with my head down and with a feeling of despair. Did I really lose? I wanted to kick myself. I would never forgive myself. I thought of my dream of being the school president and bringing some changes in the school. When I rang the doorbell, my mom opened it with a big smile in her face. I could read the question in her eyes wondering if I made it or not. But then in a second she asked with a low voice “Did the election results come out?” I just quietly entered the house and put my shoes in the garage. My mother tried to console me with a loving hug. She gave me chocolate milk to make me feel better. That evening, my family tried to cheer me up and didn’t bring up the topic of presidential election at all.

The sudden sound of a car passing by brought me back to the present. By now I had reached the house and I saw the garage door was open and my mom was waiting there for me. I ran to her with big smile and said jubilantly, “Mom, I am the class representative. You know, I got selected. Monday is the first council meeting that I will participate in.” We both were so happy! I was feeling so content. “I am so proud of you. You didn’t give up. You had the courage to learn from your past experience and made sure to benefit from that”, said my dad when I called him and gave him the news. Yes, this journey has been so rewarding! I didn’t make to the school president, but I didn’t give up there. I really tried for another opportunity and today I am the class representative. This experience has taught me a lot that I will utilize in my future.